__2019-01-30__

**ZLC Members**  
[X] Matt Hogstrom
[X] Bruce Armstrong  
[X] Jean-Philipe  
[X] Sean Grady  
[X] Mark Ackert  
[X] Jean-Louis  
    
**Participants**  
[X] John Mertic
[X] Greg McKinnon
[X] Joe Winchester
[X] Tim Brooks  
[X] Alvin Tan  
[X] Nick Kocsis  
[ ] Paul Bartholf
[ ] Macgr04
[ ] Mike Maliska
[ ] Steven Horsman
[ ] Petr
[ ] Paul Newton
[X] Usman Haider
  
## Recording can be found here:  
https://zoom.us/recording/share/4cFRV7z8ZjUibsEezVC-qPG06IFPgzSXsftQpv_5FCmwIumekTziMw?startTime=1549375454000

## Issues to be discussed on 2019-01-30
1.0 Release Updates
- ZSS  - Are all updates complete?  @jp sent a request for a code scan to Steve Winslow.  Vote, no objections to Irek being owner of ZSS
- Zowe 1.0 Status
  - Binary distribution and LLC update @jmertic
  - Release process to explain the provenance of the documents. Work on process.  
  - Release documents updated today with new information from John's comments - @hogstrom
  - LLC creation for Zowe  - to address the legal issues around binaries and legal risks.  Series LLCs.  This will include EULA terms for no warranty terms. + John to update  
- Artifactory license renewal & transition to Nexus.  
  - Based on binaries, perhaps we renew this for 1-year ?
  - @mark / @jack to work with Allison  
  - Installer, @winchester, some updates to the doc.  Approximate delivery for the ZSS repos will be after Steve Winslow provides feedback.

- 1.0 Marketing activities.  
  
- Housekeeping
  - Please review all open issues and make updates as appropriate.

- Project goal to be indpendent from all non-OMP infra sans z/OS instances

### Updates    
  
[Zowe GA 1.0.0 Goals](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/37)  
 - Added Tim Brooks and asked him to update this issue with the 1.0 items that have been discussed.  
 - Proposal to release 1.0 in January (last Tuesday) to allow more time for integration, performance and testing.  

[Zowe Conformance Program](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)  -   
Meeting held on 2018/11/26 to discuss conformance.  @Tbr00sky drafting initial set of capability.
  
[Review @brightside usages for GA to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/28) - Update from John on progress  
  1.  Mandate if the work needs to be completed  
  2.  If (1) passes vote, then declare a timeframe for completion. 1.0.0 or can it be pushed after 1.0.0?  
  3.  CA Technologies still owns the trademark on Brightside.  
  Next step: John to engage LF legal and then work with contributoer legal departments to get consensus.  Update at next ZLC 12-5-2018  

### Actions  

### Post 1.0 Activities  
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)  
[Open Source Development Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/3)  

### Closed Issues
